good morning Facebook family two
subscribers the journey continues today
is November 2nd saturday 2013 it's a
beautiful day in Atlanta y'all is 12:30
and I really just got up about an hour
so ago I went to go see John Legend in
concert last night
amazing concert wonderful concert loved
it and Tamar Braxton opened for him and
she was fantastic I mean that girl can
sing dance she was beautiful and her
ghetto sisters said right in front of me
jumping around like a bunch of hood rats
I had a great time at that concert last
night they were a yes but sometimes I
have to remind myself that when I since
I've started doing these YouTube videos
there's only been one year so many
people recognized me so I went to the
Fox Theatre by myself to see John
Desmond I I got a ticket around 4:30
yells let me get a standing-room-only
ticket they actually had a seat
available on your last seats way I'm
sorry add it up thank God I'm too old to
be standing all night long in concert
but I've got me a seat and I went to
another outfit Cathy around 7 something
concert sorry 8 walking the doors people
recognized me so many people walking up
to me and talking to me there's the
people at the Fox Theater thought well
who are you I'm like nobody I they just
recognize me from YouTube but I'd say I
couldn't get in that doorway as the Fox
because so many people kept coming up
one it's a picture of want to talk to me
one or two just say hello it's just a I
am shocked and amazed by the amount of
people have seen me on youtube and
recognized me in public it's definitely
a shock to me but I was also pleasantly
surprised at the amount of gay couples I
saw out last night at the Fox Theater
enjoying be John Avenger
concert there were a lot of gay couples
there everywhere there were so many gay
couples of fact that several people who
recognized me from YouTube
approached me and said look at all the
gay couples here I'm like I see him I'm
amazed there they're like that was a
good thing to see kind of gives you a
little bit of hope but there was a lot
there were a ton of gay couples there I
must say um gay noctus gay couple
straight couples to his couples night it
was nice to see people white black gay
and straight they were a lot of white
folks there to see John Legend remains
in the I was pleasantly surprised the
young he he says he is definitely a
cross over artist
the crowd was energetic there really
there was couples night though I was too
there by myself and of course well there
was a younger there was a lady who sat
next to me she's by herself - she was
probably old enough to be my mom so
technically she just said she was my
date for the night I had a wonderful
time at that cost of John Legend
continued no he was actually this is my
second time soon and I saw him a few
years ago when Sharda came to Atlanta
and he opened for sure he was really
great
then he was really good today last night
so I'm sitting there trying to wake up
so I can go and I'm I'm thinking like
once it's Jim today it's gonna be a
light workout and I ain't gonna lie it's
an exercise some drinks with I left a
couple drinks at the leg dilation
concert then I left there with my
Bulldogs had a drink there and then I
went by the Knicks I didn't drink
anything it makes me just at this point
in time I was like I ain't dead so I had
a great time out by myself last night
I thought I had interest interesting
evening I can't complain it couldn't
little bit not yeah I can't want to
share this stuff with certain with a
special somebody I guess that's not in
the cards right now so I have to
continue to go down my path no alone I
was talking about it's like you went to
John Legend concert by yourself I'm like
look you take these damn dogs I don't
think the Fox theatres gonna let me into
the box year when these cocker spaniels
over here I'm sure that he would have
barked throughout the whole concert news
I don't take to the concert
whoo yeah it's funny because I was
calling people asked y'all who wants to
go see John Legend where people just
wouldn't bear laughs I loved Jimmy
I think he's a great performer great
musician he's had a great career look
like it was just it was a beautiful
experience I really am glad I went by
myself
Bobby wasn't along it was that sold-out
concert was 10,000 people run around a
venue or had I mean however many
people's great would get into that place
it was back so I wasn't really alone I
tomorrow bangtan's ghetto sister sitting
in front of me to entertain you all
night long and let me tell you they
entertain just some ghetto Memphis huh
so today is Saturday I have no clue how
I'm gonna go man and kitchen cooking
breakfast I did a protein shake
yesterday I can't stomach that to get
some food today I got him so I'm think
I'm doing some chicken sausage I want
some rice today white rice I know it's
not good I'm not feeling this well I
have some grits I might either do white
rice or grits with boiled eggs and some
wheat toast and I brought some marmalade
and I wanna try out my dress to have
something in there don't you think about
a grocery store today at some point the
things is getting kind of low over here
in this refrigerator it's ready is empty
and much inevitable bunch of eggs
I need to get some food from some ready
to go buy my there's a meat plate so
more than that but I just absolutely
love that really they sell really
inexpensive steaks and chicken I might
you know might get some steaks to grill
that sounds like anyway I give you guys
a recap of the Friday night with John
Legend at the Fox Theatre a wonderful
experience and I love you if you know
anyone who went I'm sure he had a bit
was probably tell you same thing he had
a wonderful time at that concert like I
did let me get off this 12:30 it's time
for me to get rolling you get to eat
breakfast and roll out this door you
guys have a great Saturday
enjoy your siding up get out do
something great today go to a gym and
exercise if you can if you can't make it
to the gym and go outside and run around
in your backyard around your house do
something do something stay active toss
and enjoy your day I'm outta here